org.totschnig.myexpenses.test.espresso.AccountEditTest saveAccount
org.totschnig.myexpenses.test.espresso.AccountEditTest currenciesAreLoaded
org.totschnig.myexpenses.test.espresso.CategoriesCabTest shouldNotDeleteCategoryMappedToTransaction
org.totschnig.myexpenses.test.espresso.CategoriesCabTest shouldNotDeleteCategoryMappedToTemplate
org.totschnig.myexpenses.test.espresso.CategoriesCabTest shouldNotDeleteCategoryMappedToBudget
org.totschnig.myexpenses.test.espresso.ExpenseEditFlowTest testScenarioForBug5b11072e6007d59fcd92c40b
org.totschnig.myexpenses.test.espresso.ExpenseEditFlowTest calculatorMaintainsType
org.totschnig.myexpenses.test.espresso.ExpenseEditLoadDataTest shouldPopulateWithTransactionAndPrepareForm
org.totschnig.myexpenses.test.espresso.ExpenseEditLoadDataTest shouldKeepStatusAndUuidAfterSave
org.totschnig.myexpenses.test.espresso.ExpenseEditLoadDataTest shouldPopulateWithForeignExchangeTransfer
org.totschnig.myexpenses.test.espresso.ExpenseEditLoadDataTest shouldPopulateWithTransferAndPrepareForm
org.totschnig.myexpenses.test.espresso.ExpenseEditLoadDataTest shouldSwitchAccountViewsForReceivingTransferPart
org.totschnig.myexpenses.test.espresso.ExpenseEditLoadDataTest shouldKeepAccountViewsForGivingTransferPart
org.totschnig.myexpenses.test.espresso.ExpenseEditLoadDataTest shouldPopulateWithSplitTransactionAndPrepareForm
org.totschnig.myexpenses.test.espresso.ExpenseEditLoadDataTest shouldPopulateWithSplitTemplateAndLoadParts
org.totschnig.myexpenses.test.espresso.ExpenseEditLoadDataTest shouldPopulateFromSplitTemplateAndLoadParts
org.totschnig.myexpenses.test.espresso.ExpenseEditLoadDataTest shouldPopulateWithPlanAndPrepareForm
org.totschnig.myexpenses.test.espresso.ExpenseEditLoadDataTest shouldInstantiateFromTemplateAndPrepareForm
org.totschnig.myexpenses.test.espresso.ExpenseEditLoadDataTest shouldPopulateFromIntent
org.totschnig.myexpenses.test.espresso.ExpenseEditLoadDataTest shouldNotEditSealed
org.totschnig.myexpenses.test.espresso.ExpenseEditTest formForTransactionIsPrepared
org.totschnig.myexpenses.test.espresso.ExpenseEditTest statusIsShownWhenBankAccountIsSelected
org.totschnig.myexpenses.test.espresso.ExpenseEditTest formForTransferIsPrepared
org.totschnig.myexpenses.test.espresso.ExpenseEditTest formForSplitIsPrepared
org.totschnig.myexpenses.test.espresso.ExpenseEditTest formForTemplateIsPrepared
org.totschnig.myexpenses.test.espresso.ExpenseEditTest accountIdInExtraShouldPopulateSpinner
org.totschnig.myexpenses.test.espresso.ExpenseEditTest currencyInExtraShouldPopulateSpinner
org.totschnig.myexpenses.test.espresso.ExpenseEditTest saveAsNewWorksMultipleTimesInARow
org.totschnig.myexpenses.test.espresso.ExpenseEditTest shouldSaveTemplateWithAmount
org.totschnig.myexpenses.test.espresso.ForeignTransferEditTest shouldSaveForeignTransfer
org.totschnig.myexpenses.test.espresso.ManageCategoriesTest setupCategoriesShouldPopulateList
org.totschnig.myexpenses.test.espresso.ManageCurrenciesTest changeOfFractionDigitsWithUpdateShouldKeepTransactionSum
org.totschnig.myexpenses.test.espresso.ManageCurrenciesTest changeOfFractionDigitsWithoutUpdateShouldChangeTransactionSum
org.totschnig.myexpenses.test.espresso.ManageTemplatesTest clickOnTemplateOpensDialogAndApplySaveActionIsTriggered
org.totschnig.myexpenses.test.espresso.ManageTemplatesTest clickOnTemplateOpensDialogAndApplyEditActionIsTriggered
org.totschnig.myexpenses.test.espresso.ManageTemplatesTest clickOnTemplateWithDefaultActionApplySave
org.totschnig.myexpenses.test.espresso.ManageTemplatesTest clickOnTemplateWithDefaultActionApplyEdit
org.totschnig.myexpenses.test.espresso.MyExpensesAmountSearchFilterTest amountFilterShouldHideTransaction
org.totschnig.myexpenses.test.espresso.MyExpensesCabTest cloneCommandIncreasesListSize
org.totschnig.myexpenses.test.espresso.MyExpensesCabTest editCommandKeepsListSize
org.totschnig.myexpenses.test.espresso.MyExpensesCabTest createTemplateCommandCreatesTemplate
org.totschnig.myexpenses.test.espresso.MyExpensesCabTest deleteCommandDecreasesListSize
org.totschnig.myexpenses.test.espresso.MyExpensesCabTest deleteCommandWithVoidOption
org.totschnig.myexpenses.test.espresso.MyExpensesCabTest deleteCommandCancelKeepsListSize
org.totschnig.myexpenses.test.espresso.MyExpensesCabTest splitCommandCreatesSplitTransaction
org.totschnig.myexpenses.test.espresso.MyExpensesCabTest cabIsRestoredAfterOrientationChange
org.totschnig.myexpenses.test.espresso.MyExpensesCategorySearchFilterTest catFilterShouldHideTransaction
org.totschnig.myexpenses.test.espresso.MyExpensesCommentSearchFilterTest amountFilterShouldHideTransaction
org.totschnig.myexpenses.test.espresso.MyExpensesIntentTest shouldNavigateToAccountReceivedThroughIntent
org.totschnig.myexpenses.test.espresso.MyExpensesPayeeFilterTest payeeFilterShouldHideTransaction
org.totschnig.myexpenses.test.espresso.MyExpensesTest viewPagerIsSetup
org.totschnig.myexpenses.test.espresso.MyExpensesTest floatingActionButtonOpensForm
org.totschnig.myexpenses.test.espresso.MyExpensesTest helpDialogIsOpened
org.totschnig.myexpenses.test.espresso.MyExpensesTest settingsScreenIsOpened
org.totschnig.myexpenses.test.espresso.MyExpensesTest inActiveItemsOpenDialog
org.totschnig.myexpenses.test.espresso.MyExpensesTest newAccountFormIsOpened
org.totschnig.myexpenses.test.espresso.MyExpensesTest editAccountFormIsOpened
org.totschnig.myexpenses.test.espresso.MyExpensesTest deleteConfirmationDialogDeleteButtonDeletes
org.totschnig.myexpenses.test.espresso.MyExpensesTest deleteConfirmationDialogCancelButtonCancels
org.totschnig.myexpenses.test.espresso.MyExpensesTest deleteConfirmationDialogShowsLabelOfAccountToBeDeleted
org.totschnig.myexpenses.test.espresso.MyExpensesTest templateScreenIsOpened
org.totschnig.myexpenses.test.espresso.MyExpensesTest titleAndSubtitleAreSetAndSurviveOrientationChange
org.totschnig.myexpenses.test.espresso.OrientationChangeTest shouldKeepAccountAfterOrientationChange
org.totschnig.myexpenses.test.espresso.OrientationChangeTest shouldKeepMethodAfterOrientationChange
org.totschnig.myexpenses.test.espresso.OrientationChangeTest shouldKeepStatusAfterOrientationChange
org.totschnig.myexpenses.test.espresso.OrientationChangeTest shouldHandleNewInstanceAfterOrientationChange
org.totschnig.myexpenses.test.espresso.OrientationChangeTest shouldHandleExistingInstanceAfterOrientationChange
org.totschnig.myexpenses.test.espresso.SettingsTest manageCategories
org.totschnig.myexpenses.test.espresso.SettingsTest manageParties
org.totschnig.myexpenses.test.espresso.SettingsTest manageMethods
org.totschnig.myexpenses.test.espresso.SettingsTest importGrisbi
org.totschnig.myexpenses.test.espresso.SettingsTest importQif
org.totschnig.myexpenses.test.espresso.SettingsTest importCsv
org.totschnig.myexpenses.test.espresso.SettingsTest backup
org.totschnig.myexpenses.test.espresso.SettingsTest restore
org.totschnig.myexpenses.test.espresso.SettingsTest restoreLegacy
org.totschnig.myexpenses.test.espresso.SettingsTest manageSync
org.totschnig.myexpenses.test.espresso.SettingsTest roadmap
org.totschnig.myexpenses.test.espresso.SettingsTest manageCurrencies
org.totschnig.myexpenses.test.espresso.SplitEditTest canceledSplitCleanup
org.totschnig.myexpenses.test.espresso.SplitEditTest canceledTemplateSplitCleanup