org.mozilla.reference.browser.ui.FirstRunTest threeDotFirstRunMenuItemsTest
org.mozilla.reference.browser.ui.SettingsViewTest settingsItemsTest
org.mozilla.reference.browser.ui.SettingsViewTest openFXATest
org.mozilla.reference.browser.ui.SettingsViewTest openFXAQrCodeTest
org.mozilla.reference.browser.ui.SettingsViewTest privacySettingsItemsTest
org.mozilla.reference.browser.ui.SettingsViewTest setDefaultBrowserTest
org.mozilla.reference.browser.ui.SettingsViewTest remoteDebuggingViaUSB
org.mozilla.reference.browser.ui.TabTrayMenuTest tabTrayUITest
org.mozilla.reference.browser.ui.TabTrayMenuTest closeAllTabsTest
org.mozilla.reference.browser.ui.TabTrayMenuTest closeAllPrivateTabsTest
org.mozilla.reference.browser.ui.TabTrayMenuTest closeOneTabXButtonTest
org.mozilla.reference.browser.ui.TabTrayMenuTest privateRegularModeChangeTest
org.mozilla.reference.browser.ui.TabTrayMenuTest openNewTabTest
org.mozilla.reference.browser.ui.TabTrayMenuTest goBackFromTabTrayTest
org.mozilla.reference.browser.ui.ThreeDotMenuTest threeDotMenuItemsTest
org.mozilla.reference.browser.ui.ThreeDotMenuTest goForwardTest
org.mozilla.reference.browser.ui.ThreeDotMenuTest refreshPageTest
org.mozilla.reference.browser.ui.ThreeDotMenuTest doShareTest
org.mozilla.reference.browser.ui.ThreeDotMenuTest findInPageTest
org.mozilla.reference.browser.ui.ThreeDotMenuTest reportIssueTest
org.mozilla.reference.browser.ui.ThreeDotMenuTest openSettingsTest