de.test.antennapod.ui.MainActivityTest testAddFeed
de.test.antennapod.ui.MainActivityTest testClickNavDrawer
de.test.antennapod.ui.MainActivityTest testGoToPreferences
de.test.antennapod.ui.MainActivityTest testDrawerPreferencesHideSomeElements
de.test.antennapod.ui.MainActivityTest testDrawerPreferencesUnhideSomeElements
de.test.antennapod.ui.MainActivityTest testDrawerPreferencesHideAllElements
de.test.antennapod.ui.MainActivityTest testDrawerPreferencesHideCurrentElement
de.test.antennapod.ui.MainActivityTest testBackButtonBehaviorGoToPage
de.test.antennapod.ui.MainActivityTest testBackButtonBehaviorOpenDrawer
de.test.antennapod.ui.MainActivityTest testBackButtonBehaviorDoubleTap
de.test.antennapod.ui.MainActivityTest testBackButtonBehaviorPrompt
de.test.antennapod.ui.MainActivityTest testBackButtonBehaviorDefault
de.test.antennapod.ui.PlaybackSonicTest testStartLocal
de.test.antennapod.ui.PlaybackSonicTest testContinousPlaybackOffSingleEpisode
de.test.antennapod.ui.PlaybackSonicTest testContinousPlaybackOffMultipleEpisodes
de.test.antennapod.ui.PlaybackSonicTest testContinuousPlaybackOnMultipleEpisodes
de.test.antennapod.ui.PlaybackSonicTest testReplayEpisodeContinuousPlaybackOn
de.test.antennapod.ui.PlaybackSonicTest testReplayEpisodeContinuousPlaybackOff
de.test.antennapod.ui.PlaybackTest testStartLocal
de.test.antennapod.ui.PlaybackTest testContinousPlaybackOffSingleEpisode
de.test.antennapod.ui.PlaybackTest testContinousPlaybackOffMultipleEpisodes
de.test.antennapod.ui.PlaybackTest testContinuousPlaybackOnMultipleEpisodes
de.test.antennapod.ui.PlaybackTest testReplayEpisodeContinuousPlaybackOn
de.test.antennapod.ui.PlaybackTest testReplayEpisodeContinuousPlaybackOff
de.test.antennapod.ui.PreferencesTest testSwitchTheme
de.test.antennapod.ui.PreferencesTest testSwitchThemeBack
de.test.antennapod.ui.PreferencesTest testEnablePersistentPlaybackControls
de.test.antennapod.ui.PreferencesTest testSetLockscreenButtons
de.test.antennapod.ui.PreferencesTest testEnqueueAtFront
de.test.antennapod.ui.PreferencesTest testHeadPhonesDisconnect
de.test.antennapod.ui.PreferencesTest testHeadPhonesReconnect
de.test.antennapod.ui.PreferencesTest testBluetoothReconnect
de.test.antennapod.ui.PreferencesTest testContinuousPlayback
de.test.antennapod.ui.PreferencesTest testAutoDelete
de.test.antennapod.ui.PreferencesTest testPlaybackSpeeds
de.test.antennapod.ui.PreferencesTest testPauseForInterruptions
de.test.antennapod.ui.PreferencesTest testDisableUpdateInterval
de.test.antennapod.ui.PreferencesTest testSetUpdateInterval
de.test.antennapod.ui.PreferencesTest testMobileUpdates
de.test.antennapod.ui.PreferencesTest testSetSequentialDownload
de.test.antennapod.ui.PreferencesTest testSetParallelDownloads
de.test.antennapod.ui.PreferencesTest testSetParallelDownloadsInvalidInput
de.test.antennapod.ui.PreferencesTest testSetEpisodeCache
de.test.antennapod.ui.PreferencesTest testSetEpisodeCacheMin
de.test.antennapod.ui.PreferencesTest testSetEpisodeCacheMax
de.test.antennapod.ui.PreferencesTest testAutomaticDownload
de.test.antennapod.ui.PreferencesTest testEpisodeCleanupQueueOnly
de.test.antennapod.ui.PreferencesTest testEpisodeCleanupNeverAlg
de.test.antennapod.ui.PreferencesTest testEpisodeCleanupClassic
de.test.antennapod.ui.PreferencesTest testEpisodeCleanupNumDays
de.test.antennapod.ui.PreferencesTest testRewindChange
de.test.antennapod.ui.PreferencesTest testFastForwardChange
de.test.antennapod.ui.PreferencesTest testBackButtonBehaviorGoToPageSelector
de.test.antennapod.ui.VideoplayerActivityTest testStartActivity